The Joe Rogan experience. How, when you say get flack for it,
how much do you pay attention to criticism? Zero. Good for.
You? Uh, I, I don't, I haven't read about myself in over a decade.
That's amazing way to.
Go. Well, the first time I did, I remember when I got a computer and I was like,
oh, I mean, they, you, you can sometimes I feel like such a, like a dumb, nuts,
like, I'm like, oh, you can talk to someone. And like,
who's like into your tunes. It's like, I, I, and I did.
And you know, sometimes people like to bond over what they don't like.
And like,
and also they like to pretend it makes 'em feel better to pretend they have
intimate knowledge view, Joe Rogan. Mm-hmm <affirmative> well,
the thing about Joe is you see, yeah. What he, and it's gotta be negative.
Some always. Oh, because it, it suggests that we're, we're close enough to,
I know his secrets, you know, he puts on good face for you,
but I know his Joe's secrets, man. So thing about Joe is, and it's,
it's a, it's, that's kind of an in. And so I, when I went on,
I was like, oh no, no, actually I'm doing this. And they said,
you're not the real, the, and I just let it be known. Uh, yes, I am.
And, and then all of a sudden it was like, Hey Josh, how? And I thought,
oh my God, this is, what am I gonna do? Go door to door and correct.
People's perception.
What happened in 1742 is it's, it's a waste of my.
See some people who don't have like a,
a wise sort of perspective on the internet getting wrapped up and
doing just that because they see them responding to criticism and going after
people and.
You know what it's because, um, they, they don't want to be blamed.
They don't wanna be misunderstood. Right. I totally understand. I understand.
My wife has been one of my biggest inspirations ever.
And like, um, that, that thing that I really learned from her is like the,
you can't blame when you blame someone it's like saying to them,
uh, when you point the finger,
it's like saying you are guilty before you even have a chance to talk and save
your perspective. Mm-hmm, <affirmative> what that's, nobody likes that.
You know what I mean? Nobody wants to like start by being blamed for something.
It makes you shut off immediately.
And now you have these disengaged people <affirmative> blaming each other and
being mean to each other. And again, if we're talking about doing what you like,
I don't like that. And, and,
and I also have friends that I really love that engage in that quite a bit,
and it's a trouble spot for them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And so,
instead of doing it myself, I, I try to like, look at that and say, Ooh,
I don't, I don't want that. I,
I love my music and I try to make it as real as I can.
And I try to make it as different as I can. And that,
and I accept if you don't like it,
but if you have a vinyl or if you have a CD still, I love it.
And if you don't, it's still a hell of a coaster, right. It's not bad, you know,
I mean, could be a worse coaster. The art looks cool. You know, I,
I need to be okay with that. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and accept that.
<laugh> because otherwise what I'm please like it. Well, you're also,
you're not looking at that review, right. That reviewer is wrong.
You don't unmanageable numbers too. Right.
Because you'd be interacting with literally thousands of people every day and
trying to correct them.
And then once people find out that all they have to do to get your attention is
to be negative.
Then I've had moments of that before, because, um,
I really have always cared about fairness and justice,
but especially in the last bunch of years, you know, it's like, um, uh,
I have to be okay with what I did for me. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> people don't really know what the they're talking about and what
really goes on. But if my expectation is that I'm gonna get,
take everyone to a spot where like, this is what actually happened. Right. Um,
I'll, I'll be sad and disappointed. You.
Also engaging people that don't want you to be a good guy. Yeah.
So if they want to go, you, you just want us to think that of.
Course. Yeah, of course. And, and, um,
and I'm actually kind of investing time and energy into like, no, but yeah,
but no, right.
I, I mean,
you're investing time and energy also into your persona or your public percept,
public reception.
To you. I don't have a persona. I've had many times where, because of being, um,
like, oh,
like feeling strange about things or angry about things or this,
I, I take them out on stage some sometimes because I,
I grew up watching bands like,
and Iggy and all this stuff where sometimes you go see abandon, it's scary.
And it's wonderful to be scared by this music is like, whoa.
And everything that comes with it. It's so real look out. Right.
It can actually drive you backwards. That's exhilarating. And also on stage,
that's the place for that. Yeah. Out in real life, doing that,
like while you're at the ATM, not so much, you know what I mean? Yeah. But to,
to, to cut your tethers loose and go, I don't know what I'm gonna do tonight,
which I have done many times and walked out there,
but I will embody the emotion that I'm, uh, feeling right now. And,
and you can go ahead and take that to the ATM and deposit that cuz that's,
what's gonna happen. The problem is,
is if you're not doing well,
then that's how that.
Yeah. You're gonna feel that when you get out there, but it is.
Supposed to, well, um, I'm willing to do anything up there. Uh,
and I don't know why, because I feel like that's the place. That's why,
because that's the place for it. It's, that's the art of it. Well.
It's also what you said that you enjoy the randomness of it. Yeah.
I think that you're when talking about manifesting,
if you go up there with that spirit, that enjoying the randomness of it,
then that sometimes the spirit will move you in a direction that you didn't even
expect. Right.
Well, yeah. I, um, yeah, because, um, you feel one with your actions.
So in the, now you have no choice. Right. And, and preparation it's too late.
It's, it's already done the, the preparation is over. It's like a fight. Yeah.
That like, um, you're not gonna learn anything extra till it's over. Right.
Right. You know? Right. You have to be in the moment there. And um,
I enjoy that because enjoy that. It's too late. I love insurmountable odds.
That's all I need to do. Something is tell me, like,
there's no way you're gonna make it and be like, that sounds great.
Why do we have to worry? We're not gonna make it. You know what I mean?
There's something to that. And, um, um,
but I also realized like how, um,
I guess the manifestation aspect of this has gotten important to me again,
cuz it's what I did in the beginning. And as I, you know,
have these moments of being lost and feeling like I don't understand what's
going on and wondering why, when really it's cuz of me mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you know? Yeah. Um, that, um, <affirmative> that
the best thing I can do,
that's why the records have gotten so dark cuz that's all,
all I'm seeing and it has to be real. So it is real dark, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative> but there's a beauty in that too,
but I don't wanna make my new normal <laugh> <laugh> you know,
my dad's always like, don't get accustomed to, but you know, cuz it's like,
once you get used to that, you're like this, this is life. This is normal.
Right. Is everyone cool? And,
and people end up people you love end up going.
No it's not, you know? And, and you go wait a minute,
but I'm so used to it.
How I thought you were gonna hop in this jacuzzi me the tub of water's great.
It's, water <laugh>. And, and I, so, uh, I'm,
I'm really like, I'm so thankful, uh,
to have like a great group of a family of artists that I get to collaborate
with and like my, uh, some great kids. I got three of them.
Every time I go in a room, there's another one of them in the, there, you know,
there's so many kids and,
and my wife who like really has the courage
to help has had the courage,
her whole life to like go that's it's time to, to go, you know,
it's time to do this. Like, you know, um,
someone that has really inspired me to have a
partnership like that is rad. Yeah. You know,
I mean talking about someone that
has had a really rough beginning, um,
but never blamed doesn't spend pointing the finger and blaming mm-hmm
<affirmative> cuz the goes nowhere.
Some of the most interesting people in the world,
the ones who had a rough beginning yeah. Because of the care coping mechanisms,
the pinballing off offer and getting to yeah. Wonderful strength. Yeah. Well,
and that's the other thing is the strength mm-hmm,
<affirmative> the strength to, to go right now. And, and that,
that strength for is so
inspiring for me. It's it gives me strength through her, you know, it's like,
that's beautiful.